Add full-text query documentation (#5428)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _query-dsl/full-text/match.md

`fuzzy_rewrite` | String | Determines how OpenSearch rewrites the query. Valid values are `constant_score`, `scoring_boolean`, `constant_score_boolean`, `top_terms_N`, `top_terms_boost_N`, `top_terms_blended_freqs_N`. If the `fuzziness` parameter is not `0`, the query uses a `fuzzy_rewrite` method of `top_terms_blended_freqs_${max_expansions}` by default. Default is `constant_score`. 
`fuzzy_transpositions` | Boolean | Setting `fuzzy_transpositions` to `true` (default) adds swaps of adjacent characters to the insert, delete, and substitute operations of the `fuzziness` option. For example, the distance between `wind` and `wnid` is 1 if `fuzzy_transpositions` is true (swap "n" and "i") and 2 if it is false (delete "n", insert "n"). If `fuzzy_transpositions` is false, `rewind` and `wnid` have the same distance (2) from `wind`, despite the more human-centric opinion that `wnid` is an obvious typo. The default is a good choice for most use cases.

> `lenient` | Boolean | Setting `lenient` to `true` lets you ignore data type mismatches between the query and the document field. For example, a query string of `"8.2"` could match a field of type `float`. Default is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`lenient` | Boolean | Setting `lenient` to `true` ignores data type mismatches between the query and the document field. For example, a query string of `"8.2"` could match a field of type `float`. Default is `false`.
```
